AEA-1385 fipa end2end test for python and go (#2464)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/skills/fipa_dummy_buyer/README.md

# Fipa Dummy Buyer

## Description

> A sample skill to interct with simple fipa seller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample skill to interact with a simple seller using the `fetchai/fipa` protocol.
```
